Just seeing this. Great memories but here is the reality. 


Working with John Milius was fantastic, because he was so hardcore.

But it is true that he thought I looked too much like a bodybuilder - I needed to lose some of the cuts because I had just won Mr. Olympia and I was way too ripped to be a barbarian. So he told me to eat normally and not diet at all - I let my body fat get to around 12%.

I had no issue with swinging swords even before I changed my body. I had been training with Sensei Yamazaki for three years before we filmed. I'd also been training in kendo and horseback riding for those three years by the time we filmed. Reps, reps, reps. 

I knew I had gotten good with the sword when James Earl Jones let me hit him right in the neck on the bloodbag even though if I'd missed by a couple inches I could have hit his head or his ear. His neck had a protective leather cover under the bloodbag and I didn't miss. 

I got attacked by a dog on the very first day of shooting - he pulled me down from the rocks into a thorn bush and I had to be stitched up on the set. Milius walked up to me and said "this sets the tone" - he meant this in a positive way.

Also, it is true that I had to bite a real dead vulture because in those days they couldn't make one that would look good in a close-up. So they soaked it in alcohol to kill bacteria and dried it out. It still had lice. Unfortunately I would get arrested if I started doing this to people besides my friends. But I am recording a video and audio file that people can use as an alarm on their machines. And I'm open to what I should say. See you at Gold's?

Edit: Forgot the time. High noon. www.represent.com/Arnold I think once a month at a minimum. I'd also like to show how I improvise in hotel gyms. Did it work out for everyone? I'd like to make this a regular thing because like I said, we want the shirt to become a whole movement. You and Todd better not buy them. Yours will be in the mail tomorrow. But everybody else, no freebies. Tell Todd I hope his workouts are going well and we will talk soon. Thank you for sharing! 

So, I was thinking of ways to make this a serious movement. I think we should all do a workout together and make it a regular thing. I've played with Facebook Live and I think tomorrow is a great time to test it, so I'm going to bring you to my workout with me tomorrow morning and take questions, make jokes, and give advice. I expect all of you to be in the gym and I give you permission to use your phones in the gym this one time. Be there - it should be around 8-9am PT!

I'd love any other ideas to grow this from a shirt to a movement. I think I might send my workouts to the list, and possibly make an Arnold Get to the Gym Alarm Clock for you, but I'm open to your thoughts. You guys never fail me.

See all of you tomorrow!

UPDATE: I should go live at about 9 am California time! See you guys there. Kai was totally professional and was completely oiled up. The other two had no oil on their backs. Relax. I hear you!

I'm working on a little something - my top ten list of the reasons I support John. I'd love to hear some of your thoughts so I can include them. I'm on the case. Shhh. Don't warn them. I will deliver. Of course. Let's include /u/courser because she started this. You gave me an idea.

We have a week until the new year. Let's start something before then. All of you have the power to make someone's day. /u/courser is right - you don't have to be famous to give back just a little bit and make someone smile.

Let's each commit to do one thing for a someone who could use some help this week. For Todd. 

I can tell you that I've talked to Todd twice now, and the feeling is like nothing else. I am not exaggerating when I call him my hero. The feeling after our talks is better than winning my first Mr. Universe. It's definitely better than a red carpet.

Each of you has that power. It might be someone struggling to buy their groceries in front of you in line. It might be an older person that needs help carrying their gifts. How many kids are spending the holidays in the hospital and would light up if you brought a gift - or even just read a book to them? Every day, we have these chances, and it's easy to miss them when we are looking down at our machines. This week, let's not let the opportunities pass.

Enough talk. Just do it. Then come here and share so we can inspire more people. For Todd.  I am still in Europe so I have to say this was an inspiring thing to wake up to. I've reached out to Courser but I wanted to let all of you know that you're amazing. This is the power of reddit to do great things, and I'm proud of all of you, even though you filled my inbox - because you filled my inbox. My actual response: https://youtu.be/jDwlS5uVyDY Thank you! Thank you for sharing this. What a true hero. I'm so happy to see he is ok. If anyone has a way of getting in touch with him, please tell him he inspired me (and all of us), and I would love to meet him.  Thank you all for the excitement. I'm honored! I can't wait to get into the boardroom. My guess is you'll all have a lot of ideas for me.  Thank you for sharing this. I was proud to speak to President Hollande's Summit of Conscience, and I think was an absolutely fantastic way for our environmental crusade to communicate with people in a way that engages, inspires, and makes them care. 

When I was Governor, I learned that it doesn't matter that we are right about climate change - what matters is communicating to people who are worried about putting food on the table and surviving to inspire them to join us in calling for a clean energy future. We did that during the campaign to beat Prop 23 (the initiative that would have stopped AB32), and we got the people on our side and won in a landslide at the polls. Of all the ads we ran, the one that had the most impact was the one with the lung association that showed a child struggling to breathe in our central valley because of pollution. Now it's my goal to change how we communicate all over the world.

Here is my whole speech, by the way: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPixbDs52NY Wow. I'm in Korea on a whirlwind tour but you stopped me in my tracks. This is so touching. Thank you for sharing. I'd like to say "this is why I do this" but you should know it was you who made your father smile. It was your presence and caring. Happy birthday, you've got a lot of wisdom for 30 years.

This is for him: http://imgur.com/t9OI8T2 I'm so glad you had fun - that's some of the best praise I could hope for. Now I'm looking forward to teaming up to fight for the environment together! Thank you for sharing this. I had a great time with all of you, and I hope you really enjoyed the movie - I'm glad I can do these things and hear your thoughts without a filter. I also hope your selfies came out and we didn't miss anyone. 

And trust me, it was just as much a treat for me to have Bill Nye join us as it was for you. Please message your email so we can get you entries. It looks like he wins! Great work. I did not expect a serious and inspirational version!  Fitness is a right. [removed]Lou and I at Gold's Today - Thought you might appreciate. Don’t Bump My Selfie Stick! NY Meetup/Terminator Screening - reddit premiere the sequel I had such a fantastic time screening Maggie for you guys, I wanted to do it again. This time with a little bit of a bigger movie, and this time on the East Coast.

I have some time in my NY schedule so I have asked the studio to book a theater Wednesday night, June 24 at 630PM in New York.

I am really excited about this movie. I absolutely loved it and think it took the Terminator in a great new direction while respecting the story we all love. 

And I am excited for you to get the chance to see it for yourselves - before almost anybody else - and tell me what you think. It will be nice to hear your opinions after you've actually seen it!

I will stick around for some Q and A afterward, just like last time. I will follow up with details shortly so you all know where to go and can RSVP.

Edit: Here is an RSVP form. https://apps.paramountpictures.com/movie/terminator/screenings/rsvp-en.php?sid=101

I am a forehead with these things, but I think the way this works is we will only let you in on the day of if you are on this list. 

Edit 2: I heard our director, Alan Taylor, was in town, so I've asked him to join us. Last time you guys loved asking Henry Hobson questions about Maggie. See you tonight!My (Arnold's) Guide to Blowing Sh*t Up My (Arnold's) Guide to Blowing Sh*t Up Maggie screening/reddit meet-up Hey everybody,

I was pretty excited about our Maggie screening at Tribeca in New York last night, and I wanted to do something special for reddit.

So I decided why not do something similar - our own LA screening - but just for redditors. I've booked a theater Monday night at 7. It holds 120. I've asked the amazingly talented director, Henry Hobson, to join me for a Q and A afterward.

It's like a reddit meetup and a movie premiere, in one. In other words, I'm going to love it, and I hope you will too. See you all there.

RSVP here: http://maggiereddit.splashthat.com/

Arnold

Oh, PS: here is a new clip I got from the studio, exclusively for reddit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRE9l7_zPfs&feature=youtu.beAs an American, I’m incredibly concerned about what happened in Indiana this week and the threat of similar laws being passed in other states. As a Republican, I’m furious. You'll like this podcast i had a great time doing this podcast with Tim Ferris, and I thought you guys would enjoy a lot of the subjects. Mainly Franco stories, but also how I stay motivated. Give it a listen, and I will chime back in and try to talk to you guys about it. http://fourhourworkweek.com/2015/02/02/arnold-schwarzenegger/

I'm on a flight, so it might take me some time, but... You know the line.

I also did this to launch my new fundraiser for After-School All-Stars. This time, we had to one-up the tank so we will blow shit up together in LA. Let me know if you guys have any great ideas to promote it and raise as much money as possible because last time Reddit gave me some of the best ideas. You can find that at www.omaze.com/ArnoldHappy thanksgiving, Reddit! IamArnold, I am back, and I brought David Ayer with me... Ask us anything. You guys are used to me, so to spice it up, I brought David Ayer, the great director of my latest movie, Sabotage, with me. You probably know him as the director of End of Watch and the writer of Training Day, so you'll understand why I was excited to work with him on Sabotage.

We're here today because Sabotage hits theaters this Friday, but as you know, I'm always around. I hope David likes Reddit as much as I do. I think he should stick around.

Ask us anything you want. And watch the trailer here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DdiIhWhbYQc&list=UUlt5Bst8Ji05dZvTUdnO85g

Edit: Thank you everybody. We have to run now and keep doing other promotion but you know I'll be back. And I will tell David to come back too! If you keep asking questions I will check in when I have time. Go see Sabotage this Friday. It is seriously a great ride and I'm really proud of it. You can buy tickets here: http://www.buysabotagetickets.com/I Just Crushed My Official Bench Press Record http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJU4piabznc&list=TLNJXNpqwuH6pGvdiFxcCvGejWPypLmpCy

OK, so in competition, I never benched more than 500 and here I literally crushed it. But you get the idea. You can ignore the violent promotion in the video. I just didn't want /r/fitness to think I'd forgotten about you. 

In fact, with your help it looks like we'll raise $500,000, which I will be matching. So thanks to everyone. I can't wait to get to a movie set so I can chime in more in my down time again.
WARNING: No tanks. But still worthwhile. My Tank vs. Blender Will It Crush? You asked for it. Will it crush? The teaser. If you want to get big, eat big. Really big. Obviously this is more of a fun video than a workout video, but I wanted to share with you guys. Everybody talks about cheat meals, but you can't beat the Steak and Egger sandwich I made with the guys from Epic Meal Time.

If you ever wanted to watch me do triceps push ups on a sandwich, enjoy: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dg4rylxSg5c&feature=youtu.beReddit, what should I crush? [removed]IamArnold. AMA 2.0. You know I love you guys, so I'm back. I want to hear some crazy questions this time - don't be soft reddit. 

I'm not here to promote a movie or anything today, but I am raising money for After-School All-Stars. When you guys help provide these kids with health and leadership education, I will match your donations (I'm asking you to make me spend my money).  You'll earn the chance to fly to LA from anywhere in the world to ride a tank and crush things together. We'll spend a whole afternoon so we can also work out (on the tank), smoke cigars (on the tank), and whatever else.  Go here to enter [link!] (http://www.omaze.com/experiences/arnold-schwarzenegger)

Edit: Proof: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9K_P0qk4Svo

Edit 2: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAwIAjAAn8E 
I need to get going for now, but I'm no stranger here. You might say... I'll be back. Thanks for another great time. Please donate and enter the fundraiser. 

Edit 3: I broke a rule at r/AskReddit and they took the "what should I crush" question down. Please answer on this comment. Thanks! http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1vshw2/iamarnold_ama_20/cew3imcGive me some advice. Hey guys,

As you know I'm trying to pump up the fundraiser to ride on my tank for After-School All-Stars. [Here is the link in case you've been on another planet.](http://www.omaze.com/Arnold)

Besides doing another AMA or something along those lines, I am going to shoot some fun videos. We have a couple hilarious ideas but I want one more really great one. Since Reddit is always there for me, I figured I would ask you guys for help. So bring me your ideas. Out-there, hilarious, weird skits... I need you to brainstorm with all you've got. Let's just make this fundraiser huge. 

Thank you!A Prime Time for Learning I'm back. I told you I would come back and get to more of your requests. I've been really busy here on the set of Maggie, but I will do them whenever I have time the next two days.

Here is my first new video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PzpUZBsmVpw

And here's the original thread so you can find what I've already done: http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/1oqa4o/ask_me_to_deliver_your_favorite_lines/

Let's get round 2 started.

Update: I'm not here to promote anything today, but I do always like to raise awareness of the power of after-school programs, so if you have 30 seconds, I would love for you to check out this story about one of our After-School All-Stars, and if you have a minute, learn a little more about after-school programs. It's an issue close to my heart. Meet Mary: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xblw4cMOibg

Now let's have fun.

Update 2: things got busy on set, so I will get to more of these in the morning. Ask me... to deliver your favorite lines Whenever I go to an event, someone asks me to yell out one of my lines. Even when I walk into Starbucks, people scream at me to "Get to the choppa." 

So to celebrate Escape Plan hitting theaters today, since I've already done an AMA and a Fitness AMA and I pop in on /r/fitness when I can, I thought it would be fun to offer myself to yell out all of your favorite lines. 

I'm on set, so I will check in and upload the videos as responses throughout the day. I can't wait to scream one of my wilder lines and scare the crew.

To get it started, I did my favorite line from Escape Plan: http://youtu.be/tBF0YllXKEk

Here is the trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrV-SXI6Nmo&feature=share&list=PLQMiRykNdb9hzbrzA0l_xHAQ3SYqyLPBP

And, if you want to watch Sly and I have a great time, you can buy tickets here: http://bit.ly/EPTix 

I'll... see you soon.

UPDATE: I have to stop for a while but I think I should come back Monday when I'm back on set because I missed some great ones. Thanks! Here is my sign-off: http://youtu.be/eYxYCF4DDoUMagic hour on set tonight Come meet me at Muscle Beach Guys - as you know, I've been getting back into my fitness crusade, commenting here, running around doing Arnold Classics on new continents and running my site. We're having a big event at Muscle Beach tomorrow to celebrate, and I wanted to invite all of you. I've always had a great time chiming in here when I have time - I even had the joy of having a couple of you write a Protein Bible (http://www.schwarzenegger.com/fitness/post/the-protein-bible-part-1-introduction) for my site. 

So I wanted to make sure I invited you, because I will be hanging out from 3-4 and signing some copies of the latest Muscle and Fitness while some monsters work out in the pit around me. If you RSVP here I can leave some special Reddit wristbands at a tent for you so we can make sure that I can meet some of you in person. 

But I want to make it really special for somebody.

Here's the deal. Tell a story about fitness - something inspirational, something hilarious. . If you get the most upvotes and you can be at the event, I will save a VIP pass for you. Bring your gym clothes, because you'll be in the pit working out the whole time I'm there. I'll even give you some advices. 

Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.

EDIT: KarmaPoIice was the top comment, so I'll see you there. I loved some of the stories so much I decided to expand it to five of you. I am not completely sure 5 will fit in the weightlifting area with all the people there, but if not, I want to at least take a picture with the five of you I replied to. You had some great stories. 

Everyone else: I'm going to leave 75 wristbands designated for Reddit at the MusclePharm tent. They will be first come/first serve. I probably only have time for 200 autographs, so Reddit will be well-represented!